DOCS-10055 Exchange API (#125)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/about-platform-apis.adoc

:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

Anypoint Exchange provides API features for publishing
and consuming assets by using the Exchange API, publishing
and consuming assets by using the Exchange Maven Facade API, and searching
for assets by using the Exchange Graph API.

> The Maven facade also lets you publish federated assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Maven facade also enables you to publish federated assets.
```
